gh-96035: Make urllib.parse.urlparse reject non-numeric ports (#98273)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-10-14-19-57-37.gh-issue-96035.0xcX-p.rst

> Fixes bug in urllib.parse.urlparse that causes certain port numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug in :func:`urllib.parse.urlparse` that causes certain port numbers
```
Use the imperative, link the function

> containing whitespace, underscores, or plus and minus signs to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containing whitespace, underscores, plus and minus signs, or non-ASCII digits to be
```

Author: This may have some crazy implications if there are sequences of non-ASCII digits that contain 0x0d, 0x0a.
Or 0x2f, which would start a path segment.

Reviewer: Yes, this feels among the riskier parts of the bug in terms of security.

Reviewer 2: In UTF-8 multibyte characters always start with at least one high 0x80 bit set on every byte so this is not possible unless this code is expected to process `bytes` in arbitrary unknown encodings (which really isn't feasible and should blow up in other places if such bytes were given as input).
